The punk rock situationists are by their very definition Elitist. Personal differences 
with the foremost faces of the British groups that were touring and having the door to 
venues slammed shut in their faces, because of all the infamy that was publically aired 
around them... still didn't reduce their fan base. What made the Cockney rebels take on 
all the flack from TV criticists who later went on to be absorbed into the Masonic underworld, 
was a sight more bedevilled by a youthful penchant to be sharpened against the priggish 
nosiness of authority figures. Gears in the media machine. The most evident signs that 
gaining a strong following which dubbed themselves a sort of 'contingent' - from the 
surrounding suburbia that was London, were mostly frustrated young people. Well, the signs 
spoke for themselves didn't they? Swastikas & inverted crucifixes embellishing next 
generation clothing styles really made statements about affiliation with and acceptation 
for a philosophy of xenophobia pervading countries of the Triple Entente not but forty 
years prior. The ones that would have decimated the UK if things like Lancaster Bombers 
and Spitfires weren't invented in time. History repeated itself when Rockabilly rendition 
hacks and Royalists alike started a war in the streets with these cartoon characters from 
Hell. Because they planned on being furure systematizers - the Coiffered hair lot with a 
retinue in their ranks who were the biggest arse kissers of the Windsors. What made the 
Brit punks so revolutionary was that, before they all became regimented into Simon Beverly 
clones in dress code, they were literally fighting for their beliefs. And being inflammatory 
agents of unravelling a socio-politico conspiracy within the nation just happened to go 
with the territory. I don't think the MC5 - as one of the yank derrivatives of this chaotic 
theme had nearly half the number of dangerous adventures as the Sex Pistols when they toured. 
As for the New York Dolls, they were self-professed cross-dressing charlatans with a 
shambolic glamour. The Ramones were minimalist muzak. Not a one of them were cloud nine 
surfing Mohawks with a Knights oath to speak the truth even if it meant ones death.