There were about eight primadonna pretty young things doing that crazy poise one sees 
Kate Winslet do (building up to it as if she's almost on the verge of levitating) in that 
one scene in Titanic. The scene where she's bathing in the merry-making love of the common 
people, unexpectedly flaunting her talents as a jig dancer and Newcastle Brown Ale drinker 
(and I mean NECKING it!) Hmm... such coiffered self-conscious flicking of bangs syncopated 
into those fancy leg twist spins - that kick out to augment so, so and so's (plus 5) centres 
of balance . . . with such apparent ease on a glorified Gazebo. Now the chick who 'accidentally' 
smacked the seven foot tall Easter Bunny in his whiskers, inadvertently knocking off those 
pricked up appendaged ears, said to that Poncho Villa lookalike (who had assumed the role 
of an orchestral conductor of Harpsichords)---that it wasn't her fault if the 'ignominious 
mook' as she called him; leaned way too far over the ballustrade with his 'nature's pride 
bum fluff drawing an invisible infinity sign in the air. Oh dear! What a thing to do when 
Mea Domina's reflex action quartet (doubled up on a two way mirrored holographic quanduary 
as we've said) genuflected with aplomb enough to throw the unyielding house rules of Tick 
Tack Toe into the transmogrified tailspin of Canadian Goose maritime squawks. Baulking at 
that southern star's tendency to invite the Black Swan fetishists to skate on thin ice, 
rather than curry favour with Rosae Crucis goons with Pan-23 capsules pinned onto their 
orange lapels. Looking forward to the 13th Kantata. The Mad March Hare (or whatever that 
thing is) decreased in size by a good two foot, thanks to this swivelling segue-waying 
square dance of Sweet little Sister. It's what a Stoic or even an Epicurean might deem 
'getting ahead of oneself in such an unconscionably backwards way' if they were to encounter 
a Barthe on the hegemonic jaunt of 'being taken on a duck walk when being compelled to read 
Das Capital (in character). I really need a Red Grouse chick berrating me for looking for 
left wing pamphlets on liberalism because of doctors orders frowning on a tendency to 
overdose on rhetoric of the Far Right (when it comes to rats in human form). I can't 
prescribe Ritalin for religious nut-jobs even when I get 'over the counter' asthma inhalers, 
but someone tapping her feet with impatience seems to think that a conduscive sort of 
atmosphere for thinking OUT OF THE BOX is besides the point. I'd be a social gadfly if I 
shared the reefer fanatic's tunnel vision!!!!