These are a distillation of the 'strange gifts' that John Ronald Reuel Tolkien made some few small and obscure references to in all but a modicum of adjective asides in the treatises dealt with, no end, albeit posthumously... atributable to the Man. But still---when referencing things canonically (which means that people are bound to run into contradictions when their pallette for researching tips finds an avid tongue for pronuciation of Places, Names and topographical areas of note... canoodling itself into apriori obfuscation of Tengwar and Cirth, before the fact of them being audibly spoken). It's an unlikely cusp of theorizing at length---certain TROPES which ought to be respectfully considered within source material consisting of a compendium of Books. Generally caparisoned under the entitlement of THEMATIC TRUISMS that seems to lend weight of authority to philologues via natal and numerical components of characters that establish syntactic credence in their repetitive usage. The seminal notion is that Princes of the Edain had learned a lore of the Nighttime Fairies and it was all they could do to utilize a linguistic streak relevant to their respective lifespan. Hence, to baulk at the prospect of chipping and scoring rock away with suitable tools to write messages to posterity in perpetuity, wouldn't have been an unnerving mannish quality (seeing as how time is of the essence). Wood wastes less time. And by extension - paper! And keep in mind that couriers on horseback mayn't even need to profer scrolls of Daeron's Runes. An emergency Red Arrow was translated in the third age disputed lands of Kin-Strife (northerly), all the way to Mt Mindolluin (southerly)---as a call for aid. Simple wood. War beacons lit up in the heights. Simple wood. Easier translatable for lesser men, or the unlettered one may say. But what about the breed of men with an impressive enough psionic faculty to use telepathy with creatures in the wild? Descendants of Heroes who took Fairy wives? And the Beornings. A calibre of were-beast for sure! How to make an ensemble priority level terminus on the proviso of Mortals being in a grey area for their deeds, asthe only precondition for clan leaders of the rustics to have their subpoenas to Morgoth-debasement OBVIATED...(at least to their communal minds, was to swear themselves and their sons to the service of these 'Angels on Earth' [princes]. To assume that the gods couldn't be bothered with Humankind, so that Sun Hawks and Vampire Knights were the ticket to have them change their fates by proxy couldn't have been too far fetched in the petting zoo. But a better alternative by far than the Nanny State)! Bad guys falling into disreputable company for not having the patience for pithy goading find themselves rubbing shoulders with those crazy, sleepless, pointy eared ninjitsu perpetrators of Patricide and Matricide. To warn us all later as born-again christians in maximum security prisons (and three back-to-back lifetime sentences) about the dangerous pathologies that normal people can cultivate by being to riveted on Magic the Gathering, Pathfinder or War Hammer - basically - Dungeons and Dragons. Movies are of course going to misrepresent things for blockbuster reasons. Both Protagonist and Antagonist seem to betray a lack of understanding when principal areas of purport are overlooked, so that for the most part, all we're left with is WHIMSY and CALLOUS UNEXPLANATION. And very little coheres. Don't tell me they'd ever get the Silmarillion right with P.C 'Racialism' or 'Sexualism' rules for scriptwriting in fineprint! I like that devil-may-care thing with the Gaurwaith, but don't agree with their dastardly opportunism. Like Turin. But Box Office seating mayhem would confuse an issue like that even further methinks.